changelog: add Workers Terraform, API, and Smart Placement fixes (#22149)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/fundamentals/2025-03-21-sensitive-values-redacted.mdx

---
title: Cloudflare Terraform Provider now properly redacts sensitive values
description: Resources in the Cloudflare Terraform Provider that have sensitive properties will not show those values in logs.
products:
  - fundamentals
date: 2025-03-21T00:00:00Z
---

> In [Cloudflare Terraform Provider](https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare) >5.2.0, resources that have sensitive properties will not have those values show up in logs. This was done by annotating properties in the [Cloudflare OpenAPI Schema](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudflare/api-schemas/refs/heads/main/openapi.yaml) with `x-sensitive: true`. This results in proper auto-generation of the corresponding Terraform resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Cloudflare Terraform Provider](https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare) versions 5.2.0 and above, resources that have sensitive properties will not have those values show up in logs. To fix this, we annotated properties in our [Cloudflare OpenAPI Schema](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudflare/api-schemas/refs/heads/main/openapi.yaml) with `x-sensitive: true`. This results in proper auto-generation of the corresponding Terraform resources, and prevents sensitive values from being leaked. 
```
